---
title: 10 minutes is enough.
date: 2023-07-13 08:00:00 +0200
categories: [Challenge, Personal]
tags: [personal]
---

# 10 minutes is enough.

## Introduction

The only thing that matters is doing.
Well, nothing really matters but you get my point.

In order to achieve the goal of "doing", I have taken the decision to set myself a hard constraint of 10 minutes to create this first blog post.

One would usually first think about topics to write about before starting to write but in this case we're actually just going to jot something down to go past the initial block of producing something external to the world.

## Context

As I am starting a blog, one of the first question coming to mind is why should I write, why should you read?

Well, I decided to start writing to keep track of the passing of time, to give some structures to my thoughts, to interact externally with the world.
Why should you read it? You actually shouldn't. Not right now at least. I am writing for me and maybe what I find interesting to write will one day become something interesting to read.
I don't think it will come to that quite soon though.

Why make my writing public then? Because thoughts are only worth something if they are shared. Otherwise, what's the use of structuring ideas into thoughts if it's for them to float by?
This has been a recurring concern of mine throughout the years and one that I struggle with to this day. I have lost so many versions of myself throughout my evolutions that I feel like producing more could have helped saving.

It might not make much sense now but 10 minutes is all we have.

## Conclusion

I kept my word. I am not proud of this exercise, but I went and did it. There is merit to mediocrity.
Mac Miller did say it well enough for me to end on this:
> Do I want it all if it's all mediocre? Staring at the wall and the wall is full of posters.
> Looking at my dreams, who I wanna be. I guess you gotta see it to believe.

See you soon.
